"BerinQuest", as fondly named by a potential contributor, is a mu*
like game written in python. The game has no purpose, that is, there
is no goal or reason for it to be completed, the reason the it has
been made is for an educational purpose, an application of theory
among first year computer science undergraduates. This is a factor
that has driven the design: The goal of the project is not an
efficient or successful mu*, but to be a project to put theory into
practice where success or failure has no consequence. Efficiency,
scaleability, performance or popularity are low priority. The aims
of the project may change later upon completion or branching.

The program will draw upon the classics muds, mushes and other
variants for the gameplay, that is, a traditional "You are in a
room, there are exits north and east." design. The connection will
be a plaintext stream, potentially using ascii colour coding, and
adapt based on telnet negotiation.

LICENSE
This file is part of BerinQuest.

BerinQuest is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
if under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

BerinQuest is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with BerinQuest. If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>
